README.md, before:

# Hi there I'm Providence 👋

![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![Livewire](https://img.shields.io/badge/livewire-%234e56a6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=livewire&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

## Introduction
Heyo! Welcome back to my Youtube Channel😅 (repository).
I'm **Providence**, I like to build stuff, especially APIs, and anything backend related. My go to language for backend right now is Go. 
`git checkout` some of my github repos they are pretty cool, well I'd like to think they are😂

- **Operating System**: Fedora 🐧 (Linux user)
- **Primary Tools**: Go and Python
- **Hobbies**: Coding, and playing bass guitar 🎸
  
## Development Environment
- **Fedora Linux**: My preferred operating system for development. 🖥️
- **Goland/Pycharm**: My go-to text editor is basically anything from jetbrains, also VIM for templating. ✍️
- **Docker**: I like putting things inside of containers. 📦

## Socials
- **LinkedIn**: [ http://linkedin.com/in/providence-mtsweni-3a7951225] 🔗
- **Email**: [providence@cosmicrec.co.za] 📧
- **SoundCloud**: [https://soundcloud.com/blueboyego] 🎸

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=directlypro&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=directlypro&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=directlypro&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=directlypro&icon=4&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Happy coding! 🚀
----------------
#### Dont't forget to like and subscribe!!!
----------------

Commit message:

Revise README with new personal and tool information
Updated personal introduction and development environment details.

README.md, after:

# Hi there I'm Providence 👋

![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![Livewire](https://img.shields.io/badge/livewire-%234e56a6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=livewire&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-%231A1918.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)

## Introduction
Heyo! Welcome back to my Youtube Channel😅 (repository).
I'm **Providence**, I like to build stuff, a wide range of stuff currently, especially APIs, and anything backend related. My go to language for backend right now is Go. 
`git checkout` some of my github repos they are pretty cool, well I'd like to think they are.

- **Operating System**: Fedora 42 & Macos
- **Primary Tools**: docker and postman, (always opened)
- **Hobbies**: midnight coding, and playing bass guitar
  
## Development Environment
Currently enjoying **VS Code** with all my custom extensions, while at the same time playing around with **LazyVim**, that tool is literally Vim on steroids,
slowly but surely getting comfortable on it. Still saving up to buy the **JetBrains All Products Pack** lol, one day is one day😅.

## Socials
- **LinkedIn**: [ http://linkedin.com/in/providence-mtsweni-3a7951225] 🔗
- **Email**: [providence@cosmicrec.co.za] 📧
- **SoundCloud**: [https://soundcloud.com/blueboyego] 🎸

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=directlypro&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=directlypro&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=directlypro&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=directlypro&icon=4&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Happy coding! 🚀
----------------
#### Dont't forget to like and subscribe!!!
----------------
